README.md, before:

# Bitbucket backup

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/samkuehn/bitbucket-backup.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/samkuehn/bitbucket-backup)

## Description
This python script will backup all of your Bitbucket repos (both mercurial and git) locally.
If the repository does not exist locally the repo will be cloned to the <local_backup_location>.
If the repo does exist locally an `hg pull` will be run for mercurial repos,
and `git remote update` will be run for git repos.

## Installation

```bash
pip install -U https://github.com/samkuehn/bitbucket-backup/archive/master.zip
```

## Quickstart
```bash
bitbucket-backup [-u <bitbucket_username>] [-p <bitbucket_password>] [-k <oauth_key>] [-s <oauth_secret>]
  [-l <local_backup_location>] [-t <bitbucket_team>] [-a] [-v] [-q] [-c] [--http] [--skip-password] [--mirror]
  [--prune] [--fetchlfs]
```
Username/password are needed to access the Bitbucket API to get a repo listing.
At this time it is not used to do the clone/update.
Clone/update requires that your SSH keys have been uploaded to Bitbucket.

You can backup a team's repositories instead of your own by supplying the optional `-t` parameter.

## App passwords
If would like, you can use app passwords instead of your password used to login to Bitbucket.
The password must have read repositories permission.
<https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucket/app-passwords-828781300.html>

## OAuth authentication

You can use OAuth authentication if you do not want to use username/password. There are 4 steps to using OAuth.

1. Create OAuth consumer keys here: https://bitbucket.org/account/user/{username}/api
2. Make sure that your consumer has the following permissions:
    * Account: Read
    * Projects: Read
    * Repositories: Read
3. Specify the -k <oauth_key> -s <oauth_secret> flags
4. Make sure requests-oauthlib is installed `pip install requests-oauthlib`


## Requirements

You do need to have your SSH keys uploaded for the computer that you are running the backup on.

## Additional notes
I am hosting this on GitHub because I believe it is superior for public repos (I understand the irony).

Commit message:

update readme to include workspace vernacular

README.md, after:

# Bitbucket backup

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/samkuehn/bitbucket-backup.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/samkuehn/bitbucket-backup)

## Description
This python script will backup all of your Bitbucket repos (both mercurial and git) locally.
If the repository does not exist locally the repo will be cloned to the <local_backup_location>.
If the repo does exist locally an `hg pull` will be run for mercurial repos,
and `git remote update` will be run for git repos.

## Installation

```bash
pip install -U https://github.com/samkuehn/bitbucket-backup/archive/master.zip
```

## Quickstart
```bash
bitbucket-backup [-u <bitbucket_username>] [-p <bitbucket_password>] [-k <oauth_key>] [-s <oauth_secret>]
  [-l <local_backup_location>] [-t <bitbucket_team>] [-a] [-v] [-q] [-c] [--http] [--skip-password] [--mirror]
  [--prune] [--fetchlfs]
```
Username/password are needed to access the Bitbucket API to get a repo listing.
At this time it is not used to do the clone/update.
Clone/update requires that your SSH keys have been uploaded to Bitbucket.

You can backup a team's repositories instead of your own by supplying the optional `-t` parameter
and entering the team slug (this is now called a "Workspace" by BitBucket).

## App passwords
If would like, you can use app passwords instead of your password used to login to Bitbucket.
The password must have read repositories permission.
<https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucket/app-passwords-828781300.html>

## OAuth authentication

You can use OAuth authentication if you do not want to use username/password. There are 4 steps to using OAuth.

1. Create OAuth consumer keys here: https://bitbucket.org/account/user/{username}/api
2. Make sure that your consumer has the following permissions:
    * Account: Read
    * Projects: Read
    * Repositories: Read
3. Specify the -k <oauth_key> -s <oauth_secret> flags
4. Make sure requests-oauthlib is installed `pip install requests-oauthlib`


## Requirements

You do need to have your SSH keys uploaded for the computer that you are running the backup on.

## Additional notes
I am hosting this on GitHub because I believe it is superior for public repos (I understand the irony).
